Functionality testing (with valid/invalid inputs)
1. Creating a new user (integration) Done
2. Login/Logout (mock and integration)
3. Delete account(?) (Not needed)
4. Create and send an application form (TBA)
5. Review applications as a recruiter (TBA)
6. Follow and view feed-back from recruiter as an applicant(?) (TBA)

Usability testing
7. Clear and readable text eg. font, size, color, position, timing
8. Responsive design
9. Easy to understand navigation and status messages

Performance testing
10. Able to handle bulk loads
11. multiple user requests
12. multiple connections
13. stress test
14. crash recovery

Compatibility testing
15. Compatibility with different OS (Windows/Mac/Linux)
16. Different web browsers (Chrome, Firefox, IE, Safari etc)
17. Mobile Compatibility (different screen sizes and resolution)

Security testing
18. XSS
19. SQL-injection
20. CSRF
21. Broken authentication/verification
22. Broken session management

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
1. Creating a new user
Create a new user with the given form given unique username and mail and assert that the created user exists in the database.
Further, try logging in with said user and assert that user details are correct.
Assert the users authorization level (recruiter/applicant) with its access to all other possible links and pages.
Assert that the users information is correctly stored in the database.
Validate users input:
 - No digits in name and last name
 - Valid e-mail format [aA-zZ][0-9][._-]@def.xy
 - Valid date of birth, no younger than 18yrs.
 - Valid username only containing [aA-Zz] [0-9] [._-]
 - Valid passwords: minimum length of 10 characters, containing at least one digit, one uppercase letter and one special symbol !"#¤%&/()=?-.,][
 - Throw exception when e-mail and/or username is not unique (user with same mail/username already exists in the database).

2. Login/Logout
Create a new user, login and assert expected page to be showing depending on authorization level of the user (recruiter/applicant).
Login with an existing user and assert as above.
Assert that a session is created and bound the logged in user.
Assert that after a logout the bound session is destroyed.

3. Delete account
Assert that upon deletion of user that the user is logged out (no session is bound) and has no reference left in the database.

4. Create and send an application form
Assert that only users with the role type Applicant is able to create and send applications.
Assert that the users name, last name, date of birth is pre-filled and non editable.
Assert that the user is able to fill out at least one experience and is limited to the maximum amount (30).
Assert that the database has saved the sent application and is visible for a recruiter.
Validation of input is present throughout the whole form:
  - TBA

5. Review application as a recruiter
Able to review non-handled applications
**(SUGGESTION: when a recruiter handles an application, assign a "busy" flag so
no other recruiters can interrupt. Similarly, when a recruiter regret handling an application, the recruiter can then
release the application thus changing the flag from "busy" to "available").**
Mark applications as handled either with "approved" or "not approved".

6. Follow and view feed-back from recruiter as an applicant
Assert that correct application is displayed for view only (non editable) for the logged in applicant.
Assert that the correct status is showing on the application (pending/accepted/rejected)

7. Clear and readable text
A field study and/or case study should suffice.
The study should include the user going through each step and giving feedback on the application usability and possible changes.

8. Responsive design
The application displays its status and it is clear to the user what to do next or what the user has completed
	eg clearly display where to login, register, logout, create an application and registered a new user, logged in, sent in an application 

9. Easy to understand navigation and status messages
Clearly display what went good and what went bad. eg bad input during registration or login, display that the user has successfully logged in,
error messages are easy to understand for the non-programmer.
Buttons and links should be clearly visible, naturally positioned and easy to access.

10-13 Stress tests
Use JMeter to build a stress test in Spring Boot.
Complement the tests using third-party tools such as Google.

14. Crash recovery
In case of crashed, assert that it is logged and rollbacks are engaged for the database.
Recover by using scrpits for tomcat(?)

15. Compatibility with different OS (Windows/Mac/Linux)
????

16. Different web browsers (Chrome, Firefox, IE, Safari etc)
There is no built-in spring test modules for compatibility.
Suggestion on using third-party software/tools such as BrowserStack, Sauce Labs, CrossBrowser Testing, Browsershots.

17. Security testing
Boot up Kali Linux and hack away!

